help me set your boyer welcome to a
brand new video today we're playing
spooky's house fuck today we're playing
spooky's house jump stairs smoking I've
never played this before I assume you go
room after room and it gets cuter to
scarier don't know but hey let's jump it
in a shit by the way it's fucking loud
in my ear right now dude hi ok I don't
think so I hope it's that pussy this
kind of looks like minecraft oh ho no
but I don't know about this um my name
is Aaron oh and I enjoy walks on the
beach
alright I'm just gonna go for it I'm
just gonna go for it
hahahaha
is this game supposed to be scary oh
shit man cuz so far it hasn't been that
bad oh shit
this isn't good okay Oh
thunder oh my god oh that was a little
cute ghost that scared the fuck out of
me okay nothing there well it's a bed
it's just where I fucked the ghost is
this where I do it what what what what
what
alright long narrow hallway normal I'm
already at 21-21
oh fuck oh fuck oh shit oh my god day at
first this place just seemed cute but
I've been here for days now I'm feeling
quite posh now and I keep getting this
feeling like I'm being watched by
something this is not romantic at all
your Park is your thirst because you
want this day running and running I'm
running I'm running huh shit huh
okay that wasn't that bad that wasn't
bad at all that wasn't too bad okay
we're gonna go right this time I think
that's what they want you to do though
oh shit oh my god oh my god that was so
fucking loud I know something's
following me okay I don't care I don't
care I'm dreadfully thirsty yeah I know
bitch okay come on oh my goodness
fucking
you're so adorable you asshole what the
fuck holy shit
ink not quite clutching my third okay
what is this thirst shit get it
hey okay fuck the fuck is that
fucking Casper jizz on the floor here
what the fuck what's going on shouting
splash soaking in words in jest invoking
nailing never stops the choking that
sounds like a really awesome porno what
the fuck is that
holy shit get the fuck out of there okay
this isn't cool anymore
oh my god it's chasing me okay I don't
like this oh my god oh my god oh my fuck
go go go go go oh my gosh oh no no no no
no fucking cash purchase Casper just
Casper jeez no way oh my god fuck fuck
fuck oh shit okay I don't not like this
right now
I don't like this this game just got
real fucked up man they got real fucked
up okay okay is it chasing me it's not
chasing me still is it oh my god I don't
have sprint I don't have any more sprint
am I going the right way
get away oh my god I don't think I can
do this guy's
I'm serious I really don't think I can
do this
go go okay okay oh my fucking shit okay
this is hell
this is fucking hell this is what hell
is like this is what hell is like you
fucking throw Adolf Hitler in here and
we got ourselves a fucking party okay I
think I'm good I'm all right
Jesus Christ man I've only played 13
minutes of this you may God have mercy
on my soul okay okay what the fuck is
going on here man what is this what am i
doing oh fuck that man
oh fuck no dude homie I don't know if I
can go through this they're doing this
error no no no thought this game was
gonna be all cute and shit clearly it's
not fucking cute at all I think that was
wine what what what what was okay okay
oh my god
fuck you
what is this one it's not I guess this
is not a game okay sorry
sorry that you invited me here I don't
know how much longer I can go haven't
seen any of my previous notes that means
either I'm getting somewhere or
someone's taking them who the fuck is
writing me Jesus please save me today as
I quest to 150 rooms I would like to
keep going but I'm afraid that I will
shit my pants so thank you lord
okay yep this is where that fucking
bitch is gonna show up or that fucking
spider okay no not not looking at those
don't need to do it
okay I don't like this at all fucking
reptiles pool what the fuck is this shit
oh no man I don't know about this are
we're gonna go right first what the fuck
what are you you look like a fucking
turd a ninja turtle ha ha yeah guys look
it's a fucking ninja turtle Turk the
fuck was that
oh shit more blood oh there's a sign oh
no oh fuck what the fuck is that oh my
god that's a nightmare man that's a
fucking nightmare
the Saudis disgust hey 20 more rooms 20
more fucking rooms man what the fuck
Jesus
geez that right straight left yes holy
shit fucking oh my god I did
okay now it's getting bad man it's
getting real fucking bad out of here
from the shit in a hit what the fuck is
this
that's that Tetris piece I need oh hi
you the fucking assholes that make this
know you're probably people who have
played it I want to be on that wall I
want to be on the wall of scare I want
to be on the wall of scare I'm gonna be
on the wall of scare man thing is my
last note I'm gonna die
having never found my escape okay I
don't give a fuck over the video here if
you guys want me to keep going remember
there's a thousand fucking rooms just I
mean am i hitting that like button down
below maybe we can do like spooky
fucking shit fuck Fridays or some shit I
hope you guys enjoy the video and I will
see you guys next time